Document our meetings process (#35)
tilt-dev/company: communications/README.md

# Communications

> ## Goals

Reviewer: Okay cool.

  
- Tilters should be empowered to try ideas they feel strongly about, even if
  other people on the team disagree. Consensus is a bad way to make decisions,
  and we shouldn't require consensus on an idea to move forward.

#### What This Doesn't Mean

- Facebook used to have the slogan "Move Fast and Break Things." We shouldn't
  try things without considering any consequences at all.

### To Pool Everyone's Expertise

#### What This Means

- At Tilt, everyone has different perspectives. We need everyone's perspective to succeed.

- Everyone needs to feel safe to share their expertise.

- When we don't know something, either we need to be able to hire for it,
  or empower people to go learn it and bring back what they learned.

#### What This Doesn't Mean

- We want people to share ideas. But if the owner of a project doesn't use that
  idea, that's ok. That doesn't mean the sharer was wrong for sharing it.

- We shouldn't weigh all perspectives equally in all situations. e.g., if we're
  estimating a design task, we wouldn't ask the whole team to estimate it and
  average the results.

### To Understand Decisions

#### What This Means

> - When Tilters leave a meeting, they should understand what the next steps are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When Tilters read something (e.g. Clubhouse comment) or leave a meeting, they should understand what the next steps are.
```

The meeting may not move to a new tension until the owner says that their
tension is resolved. Tension processing continues until all tensions are
resolved.

#### Check-out

During check-out, each person reflects on how the meeting went. Like check-in,
this is a no-reaction round.

## Written Communication

### Clubhouse

We use Clubhouse as the main system of record for:
- Writing up ideas for product features
- Leaving feedback on existing ideas
- Documenting next steps to move a product feature forward

If you want to discuss an idea (e.g. new or existing product feature, update a marketing page), comment on or create a new story/epic in Clubhouse. @-mention specific individuals and ask them specific questions. See [Product Development](../product-development/README.md).

Ensure your [Clubhouse notifications](https://help.clubhouse.io/hc/en-us/sections/201543416-Notifications) are properly configured.

### GitHub

We use GitHub as the main system of record for:
- Code review and low-level discussion of changes
- Processes we use at Tilt (in repos like [this one](https://github.com/tilt-dev/company))
- Public-facing bugs and feature requests

> If you want to discuss a proces s change, consider the smallest reasonable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to discuss a process change, consider the smallest reasonable
```

Author: done
